Let's look at how Claude accelerates
private equity deal flow from days to
hours. We'll follow Sarah, an associate
at Riverside Partners, on the sell side,
and Jen, a VP at Wealth Capital on the
buy side. They're working on Horizon
Health Group, an $85 million healthcare
services business. Sarah needs a deal
teaser and asks Claude to create a
client ready presentation using the deal
teaser skill.
Claude searches Ignite, finding
financials, customer analysis, and
operations data, and extracting revenue,
margins, retention metrics, and facility
details.
In under 2 minutes, Sarah's got a
professional teaser ready to send.
The teaser lands in Jen's inbox. She
asked Claude to screen it and build a
leverage bio model using the LBO skill.
Claude pulls from SharePoint for
investment criteria and extracts data
from the teaser. Within minutes, Jen
gets a comprehensive screening memo and
sees that Horizon Health seems to check
all the boxes. But Claw does deeper
diligence. It searches the Ignite data
room to find that Blue Cross regional is
18% of revenue with a contract that
expires December 2025. 28% of revenue
has short-term termination clauses. This
is risk that wouldn't have been picked
up at a glance. The verdict conditional
pass. The blue crush renewal needs to be
locked down.
Now Jen looks at the numbers. Claude
built a complete model in minutes which
would have taken an analyst hours.
Purchase price at 11 times IBIDA, five
times leverage with 5year cash flow
projections and a debt amortization. An
upside in base case. Base case shows 26%
IR and three times money multiple well
above the 20% hurdle.
Jen stress tests with Claude, asking to
add a downside case in Excel.
Claude immediately builds a new scenario
with lower growth and margin
assumptions. Jen sees Claw's work in
real time and validates its assumptions.
Downside yields a 19% IR right at
threshold.
Then she asks for sensitivity analysis.
Club builds a matrix eight time to 12
time exits.
At 10 times, the numbers tie exactly to
the model. Even at eight times, the
returns are acceptable. The fan of
outcomes look good. It's Monday morning,
and Jen has an investment committee
meeting in a few hours. She asked Claw
to synthesize everything with a letter
of intent recommendation.
In minutes, Jen receives an investment
committee deck with a recommendation to
proceed with a letter of intent at 10 to
11 times IBIDA. Claude flags contract
risks as preoi conditions. Base case
generates 26% IR downside 19%. LOI
recommendation 11 times if Blue Cross is
locked down, takeoff return if not.
Sarah went from data room to teaser in 2
minutes. Jen took a teaser to an
investment recommendation in 48 hours.
Claude caught a material contract risk
by reading the data room files, then
quantify the deal still works. This is
better diligence faster.